nth_value docs (#5155)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/yql/reference/yql-core/builtins/_includes/window/nth_value.md

## NTH_VALUE

> Access a value from a given row (in the window's `ORDER BY` order) [window frame](../../../syntax/window.md#frame). Arguments - the expression to access and the row number, starting with 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Access a value from a row specified by position in the window's `ORDER BY` order within [window frame](../../../syntax/window.md#frame). Arguments - the expression to access and the row number, starting with 1.
```

> Optionally, `IGNORE NULLS` modifier can be specified before `OVER`, which causes rows with NULL in the value of the first argument to be skipped. The antonym of this modifier is `RESPECT NULLS`, which is the default behavior and may not be specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optionally, the `IGNORE NULLS` modifier can be specified before `OVER`, which causes rows with `NULL` in the first argument's value to be skipped. The antonym of this modifier is `RESPECT NULLS`, which is the default behavior and may be skipped.
```
